doc/TODO.md, before:

# TODO And Questions

The article todo:
- [^1] 4 VERIFYING ALGEBRAIC LAWS FOR HIGHER-ORDER EFFECTS
    - No chances to understand 
- [^1] Example: 5.2 Optionally Transactional Exception Catching
    - Hard one.
- [^1] Example: 5.4 Concurrency
    - Hard one.
- [^1] Example: 5.3 Logic Programming
    - Simple one.
- [^1] Example: 5.1 Lambda as a Higher-Order Operation
    - No chances to understand 

The source code todo:
- DONE: To separate "stdlib" to special folder
- To separate effects to their own files
- To build examples
- To research how hefty works
    - play with effects without smart constuctors
- to chose dir structure where place effects 


Other
- To build report

Agda-lang
- DONE case_of_ use in Catch effect 
- How does case of work? We can declare lambda with where??
```
alg eCatch (catch t) fork k = do
        res <- (# givenHandle hThrow (fork true) tt)
        case res of \ where
            (just x) -> k x
            nothing -> do
                x <- (fork false)
                k x
```


Theory:
- What is "Universe" 
    - What is "a universe of types [Martin-Löf 1984]."
    - What does "syntactic type TY" mean?
    - Mystdlib/Universe
- Read "Data type la carte"
    - DONE p1 p2
    - p3 Evalution
    - repeat in agda

- What is Functor?
    - maybe play with this: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13134825/how-do-functors-work-in-haskell
    
haskell
- -XOverlappingInstances is deprecated:
```
Main.hs:1:14: warning: [-Wdeprecated-flags]
    -XOverlappingInstances is deprecated: instead use per-instance pragmas OVERLAPPING/OVERLAPPABLE/OVERLAPS
  |
```

Commit message:

Add data type la carty p5

doc/TODO.md, after:

# TODO And Questions

The article todo:
- [^1] 4 VERIFYING ALGEBRAIC LAWS FOR HIGHER-ORDER EFFECTS
    - No chances to understand 
- [^1] Example: 5.2 Optionally Transactional Exception Catching
    - Hard one.
- [^1] Example: 5.4 Concurrency
    - Hard one.
- [^1] Example: 5.3 Logic Programming
    - Simple one.
- [^1] Example: 5.1 Lambda as a Higher-Order Operation
    - No chances to understand 

The source code todo:
- DONE: To separate "stdlib" to special folder
- To separate effects to their own files
- To build examples
- To research how hefty works
    - play with effects without smart constuctors
- to chose dir structure where place effects 


Other
- To build report

Agda-lang
- DONE case_of_ use in Catch effect 
- How does case of work? We can declare lambda with where??
```
alg eCatch (catch t) fork k = do
        res <- (# givenHandle hThrow (fork true) tt)
        case res of \ where
            (just x) -> k x
            nothing -> do
                x <- (fork false)
                k x
```


Theory:
- What is "Universe" 
    - What is "a universe of types [Martin-Löf 1984]."
    - What does "syntactic type TY" mean?
    - Mystdlib/Universe
- Read "Data type la carte"
    - DONE p1 p2
    - p3 Evalution
    - repeat in agda
    - Tmp.hs - play with Class and Instances more
    - Change infix operator to casual type name and rebuild system
        - :<:
        - :+:

- What is Functor?
    - maybe play with this: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13134825/how-do-functors-work-in-haskell
    
haskell
- -XOverlappingInstances is deprecated:
```
Main.hs:1:14: warning: [-Wdeprecated-flags]
    -XOverlappingInstances is deprecated: instead use per-instance pragmas OVERLAPPING/OVERLAPPABLE/OVERLAPS
  |
```
